front/README.md, before:

# Yoga

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.1.0.

## Start the project

Git clone:

> git clone https://github.com/OpenClassrooms-Student-Center/P5-Full-Stack-testing

Go inside folder:

> cd yoga

Install dependencies:

> npm install

Launch Front-end:

> npm run start;


## Ressources

### Mockoon env 

### Postman collection

For Postman import the collection

> ressources/postman/yoga.postman_collection.json 

by following the documentation: 

https://learning.postman.com/docs/getting-started/importing-and-exporting-data/#importing-data-into-postman


### MySQL

SQL script for creating the schema is available `ressources/sql/script.sql`

By default the admin account is:
- login: yoga@studio.com
- password: test!1234


### Test

#### E2E

Launching e2e test:

> npm run e2e

Generate coverage report (you should launch e2e test before):

> npm run e2e:coverage

Report is available here:

> front/coverage/lcov-report/index.html

#### Unitary test

Launching test:

> npm run test

for following change:

> npm run test:watch

Generate coverage report:

> npx jest --coverage

Report is available here:

> front/coverage/jest/lcov-report/index.html

Commit message:

modification readme commande headless mode

front/README.md, after:

# Yoga

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.1.0.

## Start the project

Git clone:

> git clone https://github.com/OpenClassrooms-Student-Center/P5-Full-Stack-testing

Go inside folder:

> cd yoga

Install dependencies:

> npm install

Launch Front-end:

> npm run start;


## Ressources

### Mockoon env 

### Postman collection

For Postman import the collection

> ressources/postman/yoga.postman_collection.json 

by following the documentation: 

https://learning.postman.com/docs/getting-started/importing-and-exporting-data/#importing-data-into-postman


### MySQL

SQL script for creating the schema is available `ressources/sql/script.sql`

By default the admin account is:
- login: yoga@studio.com
- password: test!1234


### Test

#### E2E

You can run the end-to-end (E2E) tests using Cypress in two different ways:

* **Option 1 – Interactive Mode (UI):**

```bash
npm run e2e
```

This will open the Cypress interface where you can run tests manually in a browser.

* **Option 2 – Headless Mode (Console Output):**

First, start the application:

```bash
ng serve
```

Then, run all E2E tests directly in the terminal:

```bash
npx cypress run
```
This mode runs tests in headless mode and displays the results in the console.

Generate coverage report (you should launch e2e test before):

> npm run e2e:coverage

Report is available here:

> front/coverage/lcov-report/index.html

#### Unitary test

Launching test:

> npm run test

for following change:

> npm run test:watch

Generate coverage report:

> npx jest --coverage

Report is available here:

> front/coverage/jest/lcov-report/index.html
